Over the past decade [[时间的表示方法]], thousands of patents have been granted for what[[what 引导定语充当名词成分]] are called
business methods. Amazon.com received one for its “one-click” online payment
system. Merrill Lynch got legal protection for an asset allocation strategy. One
inventor patented a technique for lifting a box.
Now the nation’s top patent court appears completely ready to scale back on
business-method patents, which have been controversial ever since they were first
authorized 10 years ago. In a move that has intellectual-property lawyers abuzz, the
U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit said it would use a particular case to
conduct a broad review of business-method patents. In re Bilski, as the case is known,
is “a very big deal,” says Dennis D. Crouch of the University of Missouri School of
Law. It “has the potential to eliminate an entire class of patents.”
Curbs on business-method claims would be a dramatic about-face, because it
was the Federal Circuit itself that introduced such patents with its 1998 decision in
the so-called State Street Bank case, approving a patent on a way of pooling
mutual-fund assets. That ruling produced an explosion in business-method patent
filings, initially by emerging Internet companies trying to stake out exclusive rights to
specific types of online transactions. Later, more established companies raced to add
such patents to their files, if only as a defensive move against rivals that might beat
them to the punch. In 2005, IBM noted in a court filing that it had been issued more
than 300 business-method patents, despite the fact that it questioned the legal basis for
granting them. Similarly, some Wall Street investment firms armed themselves with
patents for financial products, even as they took positions in court cases opposing the
practice.
The Bilski case involves a claimed patent on a method for hedging risk in the
energy market. The Federal Circuit issued an unusual order stating that the case
would be heard by all 12 of the court’s judges, rather than a typical panel of three, and
that one issue it wants to evaluate is whether it should “reconsider” its State Street
Bank ruling.
The Federal Circuit’s action comes in the wake of a series of recent decisions by
the Supreme Court that has narrowed the scope of protections for patent holders. Last
April, for example, the justices signaled that too many patents were being upheld for
“inventions” that are obvious. The judges on the Federal Circuit are “reacting to the
anti-patent trend at the Supreme Court,” says Harold C. Wegner, a patent attorney and
professor at George Washington University Law School.
.7.
本资料由淘宝店铺：光速考研工作室 整理汇编 如需题型分类版试题可进店获取
26. Business-method patents have recently aroused concern because of
[A] their limited value to businesses.
[B] their connection with asset allocation.
[C] the possible restriction on their granting.
[D] the controversy over their authorization.
27. Which of the following is true of the Bilski case?
[A] Its ruling complies with the court decisions.
[B] It involves a very big business transaction.
[C] It has been dismissed by the Federal Circuit.
[D] It may change the legal practices in the U.S.
28. The word “about-face” (Line 1, Para. 3) most probably means
[A] loss of goodwill.
[B] increase of hostility.
[C] change of attitude.
[D] enhancement of dignity.
29. We learn from the last two paragraphs that business-method patents
[A] are immune to legal challenges.
[B] are often unnecessarily issued.
[C] lower the esteem for patent holders.
[D] increase the incidence of risks.
30. Which of the following would be the subject of the text?
[A] A looming threat to business-method patents.
[B] Protection for business-method patent holders.
[C] A legal case regarding business-method patents.
[D] A prevailing trend against business-method patents.